<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="install_guide_1_0">
    <title>Installation Procedure - User Manager</title>
    <shortdesc>User Manager (UM) is a management system that can be used in various setups for ETO
        1.0. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_jcf_xqm_jvb">Ensure that <b>Constructor</b> has been installed already on
            this machine. </prereq>
        <context>
            <note id="note_fxq_hpm_jvb">ETO requires that the Windows Text Size be set to 100%. As
                of Windows 11, the default Text Size is now set to 125%. You must go to <b>Control
                    Panel</b> > <b>All Control Panel Items</b> > <b>Display</b> and set the Text
                Size to 100% to use ETO, including the installers.</note>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Note that <b>User Manager </b>is normally installed on one or more of the
                        <b>Builder</b> user machines. Only one instance of User Manager is necessary
                    to manage the ETO Users for a given site.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Double-click the <b>User Manager</b> Installer. You will see a window which
                    will allow you to choose the <b>Language</b> using the dropdown.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once you click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>, you are prompted to choose an install
                    folder.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Accept the default install directory, or select the desired directory for  ETO
                    User Manager (<b>note, this should match the Constructor Installation
                        directory)</b>, then click <b><uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> . </b>If this
                    directory already exists, you will be asked if you wish to install to the
                    existing folder. You should choose <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Accept the default or choose a different <b>Start Menu folder</b> and click
                            <b><uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
                    </b></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Review the Installer settings, then click <uicontrol>Install</uicontrol>.
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>. ETO is now installed on your
                    machine.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
